# Meeting 6th August 8pm

## Agenda

* Exploration of project ideas
* Rough determination of tasks
* Timeline and Actions

## Exploration of project ideas

We shared a lot of ideas. One common + central element is a map component that shows climate change related information tied to a location.

This could be

* news article
* projects and initiatives
* general information for hand-picked topics (like water shortage in India or extreme heat in Europe)

The information can be sourced in different ways:

* Manually curated
  * by us
  * potentially by friends and people from our network active in this topic
  * by signed in users
* Scraping Twitter and Instagram for certain hashtags
  * We could research existing hashtags like #FFF or try to get our own hashtag started like #FixClimate
* Scraping news articles

Other ideas/elements we spoke about:
* The elements shown in the map can be separate "blobs", or little cards that can be expanded to show more information for a single location
* The map could have some filters to filter for news/initiatives/etc
* There could be an element of connecting people with shared interests, or helping people to find the initiatives they are interested in
* The map could be embedded in a website that gives a bit of an introduction text, more informational material etc. etc., with the goal to inform the interested user and encourage them to support change
* There could be gamification elements, like a score for active users (tweets, participating in projects, adding data), a calculated "climate score" by region, etc.

## Timeline and Actions

* Everyone will think of one or more concrete use cases/MVP to have a better foundation for the ideation phase. The soft deadline for this **Friday 9th August at 7pm**. This gives everyone the chance to explore the ideas asynchronously and prepare for the next call at **Monday 12th August at TBD**.
* Divyendu will set up a repository and is responsible for the tech stack discussion to be finished until Friday.
* Nilan will send out a summary of this meeting and add it to the repo.
